greetings everybody and welcome back to
let's play rocket knight adventures
today we're gonna do stage 3 which has
us in a cave yet again this cave however
is filled with highly reflective lava
which touch it once and it would kill
you now normally would use it here to do
your platforming but I'm kind of an
impatient son of a bitch and I'll just
rock it right through it if you please
sparkster is a pretty tough dude anyway
the second segment is a little bit
different than the first woman cave that
we had in that this time the water is
school and there are actually fish and
amazes to those little slight balls they
will seek you out but they're not that
dangerous the most dangerous thing in
this area is the walls of spikes Spartan
will use his rocket powers to bypass
them I don't know if you haven't you
probably noticed already that while
rocketing you are basically invincible
but it is kind of a curse as well as a
blessing in that you kind of have to
keep going to you hit a wall or run out
of
like that so it to be careful about
where your rocketing too because when
you're in the sky you fall straight down
you could end up falling in a hole if
you're not careful anyhow I'm rambling
on about unimportant stuff when we have
a boss or at least a sub boss they pick
driving a crab robots now you can attack
three things here the first two are
either claw and let's third is the
center where the pig is actually in
there now attacking the claws really
only gets rid of a weapon that he has
and makes the fight slightly easier but
if you really want to do him some damage
here and I want to go straight to the
center come in at an angle and hit him
just right and you will get a I suppose
they call it a critical hits anyhow he's
not too tough watch out for the claws to
snap at you and you'll be gold
now something that I will say about this
sub us that he didn't actually get to
his second form if you kill off the
claws before actually killing off the
pig he will start to use a different
weapon when she's shooting some kind of
bubbles of edge that damage you but
anyway the third section of the cave has
us following this giant walk around that
you have to keep it in the screen or
else you're pretty much screwed because
it's the only way to get across these
lava pits that and the screen is
scrolling with it anyway so you couldn't
let it leave the screen those damned
owls are back wonder why there are
robotic owls is enemy
and whatever I mean this is a game about
a possum fighting pigs anyhow we're to
the first will to the boss this is
actually a pretty stupid boss if you ask
me it is a fish in lava and the first
part has these little platform to kind
of have to just stick with them or he'll
eat you second part he's going to spew
lava at you and throw a few bananas out
just in case you taking some damage and
then here is where you can only that's
the only place you can damage if you
have to hit the pig that shoots out of
his mouth now if you can time it
correctly you can actually get three
hits on the pig and you want to get as
many hits as you can because you don't
want me to do with this too much
lather rinse and repeat of course just
mad lockup all of winning skills he
alternates which side he comes up on
obviously he also alternates which path
has more platforms until reside at the
bottom of the top the one with less
platforms move slowly so you're kind of
forced to take the path that has the
most platforms moving quickly at some
point but he's not really that hard he
may look hard but he's not seriously was
I don't think he looks hard but remind
to same with the viewer views yes you
want to watch out able to use them
pretty grievous harm and I only have one
more hit before I die will I make it
will smart to survive will he grab a
banana yes ego there we go so if you do
it right it only take about three forms
to get rid of a bit that's all there is
to it fish defeated yes I know it's kind
of a boring level and I don't really
know why it's here but whatever it just
progresses the story next time will be
more exciting I promise see you later